it's the first time in weeks that
medical teams have been able to reach
Hamad town in kanun it was designated as
one of Israel's so-called safe zones in
the
South Palestine red crescent teams were
able to get into the area after Israeli
troops pulled out recovering the bodies
of 15 people what now looks apocalyptic
used to be a series of high-rise
apartment blocks can is a
I have beautiful memories here with my
children my grandchildren and my
son-in-law he was taken by the Israelis
at one of their checkpoints I was told
the Israelis had pulled out so I came to
inspect the area the entire block has
been leveled by the Israelis our
memories in our entire lives have been
reduced to
dust residents who've returned to
devastated homes say there's more than
just belongings lost beneath the
ruins there are de people under most of
the buildings and the situation is dire
the Israelis destroy and the world just
watches the Palestinian people are
falling
apart people are trying their best to
salvage what possessions they
can we came to the city to inspect the
damage and found a destruction that is
not just massive but horrifying entire
Towers have been reduced to dust houses
and apartments have been burned and cars
have been destroyed the main water pumps
feeding the city were bulldozed and
ripped out of the
ground defiant residents say they will
return and will rebuild Mike leel Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer